Privacy policy 


At Esia Study, accessible through Google Playstore, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Esia Study and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us esiastudy@gmail.com.

Privacy Policies

It is Esiastudy's policy is to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you through our app, Esia Study. We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used. We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss
and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.,

Note that Esia Study has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers. 



Third Party Privacy Policies

Esia Study's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at respective websites. 



Users Information

Another part of our priority is adding protection for users while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Esia Study does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from students or teachers. If you come across any kind of malware of information on do not hesitate to  contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records. Contact us at esiastudy@gmail.com.



Online Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our application with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Esia Study. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this application.


Consent
By using our application, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions. . If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us. esiastudy@gmail.com.
